[EDGE] Edge 2025 release updates (#2880)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/edge/edge-appliance-vm-10-18-0-0.md

---
date: 2024-03-01
title: Rocky Linux 8
change_type:
  - value: change-inv-3bw8e
    label: Announcement
product_area: Edge
component:
  - value: component-IpOEfM7nQ
    label: Edge Appliance VM
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-Tk9F8QhaO
    label: edge-appliance-vm
ticket: CIE-4991
version: 10.18.0.0
---

> As CentOS 7 will reach its end-of-life on June 30th, 2024, we are transitioning our support to an alternative Operating System for Edge Appliance users. Starting with this release, the Edge Appliance VM is equipped with [Rocky Linux 8](https://rockylinux.org/). Since the Operating System is changed, the upgrade from earlier versions of Edge entails a side-by-side installation accompanied by data migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As CentOS 7 has reached its end-of-life on June 30th, 2024, we are transitioning our support to an alternative Operating System for Edge Appliance users. Starting with this release, the Edge Appliance VM is equipped with [Rocky Linux 8](https://rockylinux.org/). Since the Operating System is changed, the upgrade from earlier versions of Edge entails a side-by-side installation accompanied by data migration.
```
